JTAG
====
Journal Image Tagger software developed by Scott Leishman and Kevin Laven circa 2003.

A brief overview and a couple of screenshots can be found at:
http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~scottl/data/jtag.html


1. Directory Contents
---------------------

This directory is the base (root) directory and contains everything related to
the Journal image TAGging application software (JTAG).  This software is a GUI
driven Tcl/Tk application that can load, display, and magnify raster image 
representations of documents in a variety of formats.  Once displayed in the
application, the user can add, display, manipulate, and save overlaid 
rectangular region selections (each of which is intended to isolate one
particular document component ex. a page number or section title).

In addition to this application, a series of matlab functions and scripts are
available to automatically recognize and classify regions on new pages.  This
is accomplished through an appropriate learner and a corpus of accumulated
training data.

Directly contained in this directory is the Tcl/Tk source to the JTAG
application and a series of subdirectories that aid the application in one way
or another (see Section 1.1 for a description of each).  

Note that there are some dependencies on the JTAG source and certain aspects
of the subdirectory structure so it is important that this structure remains
intact during its use.

1.1 Subdirectory Contents
-------------------------

CVS - (internal / not used) CVS version information
bin - linux specific binary executable utilities used by the JTAG application
doc - houses all documentation related to the JTAG application
lib - 3rd party Tcl/Tk packages used by the JTAG application
matlab - holds all matlab functions and scripts used to generate training data
         and classify page segments
scripts - contains various helper scripts to aid in everything from JTAG
          application installation to document downloading and conversion
src - contains tarballs of dependency software (Tcl/Tk, BLT etc.)

For further information on each subdirectory, see its own README 
file.


2. File Contents
----------------

.jconfig - Sample JTAG configuration file listing options that can be set by 
           the user.  This file is read by the JTAG application upon startup
README - this file
classify.tcl - JTAG source file responsible for all things related to
               rectangular selection regions, and the various classes (buckets)
config.tcl - JTAG source file containing all the data shared between the other
             source files, and the logic to read and write the configuration 
             file
file.tcl - JTAG source file responsible for handling all "lower-level" file
           parsing and writing
image.tcl - JTAG source file used to manipulate and display the raster image
main.tcl - JTAG executable and the point of source code entry
menus.tcl - JTAG source file responsible for all the menu entries and commands
ui.tcl - JTAG source file responsible for packaging up the various components
         for display in an appropriate fashion


3. Installing the JTAG Application
----------------------------------

Since the JTAG application is written in Tcl/Tk (an interpreted language) no
compilation is necessary.

All you must do is ensure that you have the following available on your local 
machine:

  * Tcl/Tk 8.4 (tested with 8.4.3)
  * TkImg 1.3 (aka Img extensions)
  * BLT 2.4 (tested with 2.4z)
  * libtiff, libjpeg etc.  All these are included with TkImg
 
To automatically test for and install any missing dependencies from the list
above, simply issue:

  scripts/install_jtag.sh

from this directory, and follow the on screen directions given.  Note that
the only tested platform currently is Linux, but other *NIX platforms should
probably be little (no??) effort to port to.


4. Starting the JTAG Application
--------------------------------

Should be as simple as running main.tcl contained in this directory.  You can
also specify the path and name of a valid image file to load at startup as an 
argument.


5. Using the JTAG Application
-----------------------------

Most things should be fairly intuitive.  For a complete reference see the file:

  doc/useage.txt

for more information.
